README.md, before:

TESTUBE - Stage 0 Testonic.
====================================

This project contains several scenes to test and demo the voxel module I'm developing for Godot Engine.

![Screenshot](screenshots/2020_05_05_1953_small.png)


Dependencies
---------------

This project uses a C++ module:
- [Voxel](https://github.com/Zylann/godot_voxel)

For the old (unmaintained) pure-GDScript version, checkout the branch `full_gdscript`.


Runnable scenes
-----------------

- `blocky_game/main.tscn`: sort of Minecraft clone with random features.
- `blocky_terrain/main.tscn`: simple test for blocky terrain
- `smooth_terrain/main.tscn`: simple test for Transvoxel smooth terrain


Blocky Game
------------

This game is a demo meant to be a practical example of using `VoxelTerrain` with a blocky look. It is not complete, some features might be incomplete, but it doesn't aim to be a finished game.

It can be played in multiplayer. You can either host a game, join a game, or play without multiplayer.
Synchronization is very basic: players are authoritative of their physics, but voxels are sent by the server, and edited on the server.

Commit message:

Update README.md a bit more

README.md, after:

# TESTUBE 
## Stage 0 Testonic.

This project is a fork of the [VoxelGame](https://github.com/Zylann/voxelgame) demo, specifically 'Blocky_Game' therein. 
Our goal is to widen it out from a techdemo to a more general-purpose "game", including a full mod-api. 
This will be done over most if not all of 2025, as [the maintainer](https://github.com/parencompany/) learns Godot / more about gamedev in-general. ie: Keep expectations 'low enough' and note this has built-in planned opulence and it will be deprecated "eventually" as Testonic proper, manifests. I'll write more about those plans / goals under a (loose) roadmap, [here]().

![Screenshot](screenshots/2020_05_05_1953_small.png)


### Dependencies
This project uses the C++ module:
- [Voxel](https://github.com/Zylann/godot_voxel)

Fyi, we plan to ship builds, and a launcher to sync releases but that might come in as-late as like Spring 2025.

### And A Special Thanks
To [Zylann!](https://github.com/zylann) Without them, zero way this or the rest of Testonic would of happened! </br> If you can, [throw them a few bucks](https://github.com/sponsors/Zylann) for continued work on [Godot_Voxel](https://github.com/Zylann/godot_voxel).
